hello everyone I'm Chrissy and today I'm
going to do an unboxing video on Bella
dream hair this is my first time trying
out velodrome here so I'm really excited
about it I keep hearing a lot about it
on YouTube Instagram especially
Instagram Twitter Facebook a lot of
people are talking about it so I told
myself I have to have this air like I
love hair I am a hairstylist so I need
to know what the best is our right now
everyone is saying that this is the best
so I have to find out for myself so I'm
going to this is matt unboxing video i'm
actually going to show you everything
step by step I art I previously opened
everything so everything is a little bit
open in a little altered but this is
almost exactly how it is when they um
give it to you so first you get your
package and it's usps priority mail and
it is from Bella dream here I will show
you that up close
so now i'm going to open it I actually I
opened my i ordered my package about
november seventeenth and I worried about
november seventeenth and now i am
receiving it i received it yesterday I'm
November 26 so a little over a week but
I get order on a Saturday so it came
within two weekends and then I got it
the following monday so took about a
week a little bit over a week but
Thanksgiving happen and the weekends
happen so I feel like I got in a pretty
good amount of time so after that it
comes in a little bag the hair and
receipt and this is one hundred percent
Bella dream hair and I'm going to
actually show you what i paid for so I
bought a Brazilian natural way 16 and 14
inches natural black colombi and so
here's my hair I really like this little
bag that comes in is kind of cute you if
you're into every gifting or anything
like that then you can um you can use
this to like put a candle any given to
someone for Christmas if you guys do the
elephant gift game I would use it for
something like that yeah just reuse it
you know i always get to reuse and
recycle yeah so this is a 14-inch and i
have no complaints about the 14-inch
actually it came perfectly fine natural
wave it has a really nice curl pattern
medium luster and feels really soft I
can run my fingers through it I haven't
had any shedding since I've got it we
had no strands have come out nothing
which is the first time I've ever had
here and there was no strings and there
was one gray hair but who knows maybe
the person than half the hair
donor was you know maybe she was aging
who knows one hair is no big deal to me
one gray hair is no big deal to me so
who cares so i'm going to show you the
weft i have previously filled these webs
but the stuff that i use i love it so
you can't even tell that there's
anything on there really so that's the
UM that's the way hopefully you guys can
see that that's the 14 h and it is true
talent i will show you my measuring tape
so put the measuring tape next to the
hair it falls at about 13 at about 13 14
inches which is perfect because it is a
14 inch hair and when you pull this hair
it actually goes to 16 inches so i think
that's pretty cool then it goes actually
a little bit past i'm 16 inches about 16
and a half so i think that's really cool
that you kind of get a little bit longer
than what you actually pay for and then
now i'm going to show you the 16 inch
and I like this one a lot um 16 inches
is true to length as well if the curl
stops at about 16 almost exactly 15 and
a half and the thing I like about this
one too is when you pull it it pulls all
the way down to 20 inches so I think
that's really cool so yeah this hair is
pretty long for to the only 16 inches
I'm not really into really long hair I
like my hair to look like it's mine
that's why I paid for it cuz I don't
want people to think no asleep I want
them to think that was my hair even
though this is my hair and I love my
hair but I mean hey you're leaving
awesome look like he's yours right
that's what I believe and when you
actually when you get your bundle and
comes with this little gold sticker
around it that says Bella dream hair and
this is how you know that your hair is
legit you have this thicker right here
it says Bella dream hair this is your
hair this is real one hundred percent
Bella during here
I have to go in ticket Willy Wonka so
that's how your hair comes it's true to
length I have no complaints about this
hair it's really nice it's really um
tangle free I have no shedding or
anything so far I'm going to install
this hair tomorrow so i will update you
guys with the video on how the hair
looks in on my hair um but so far I like
it I have no complaints at all um yeah I
can't think of anything so follow me on
instagram follow me on youtube my
youtube channel as you can see is
Christina solace on Instagram I'm I'm
Christy so I MCR is sy and thank you for
watching my review on Bella dream hair
like so far I love this stuff no plates
so I hope you guys like it too yeah so
subscribe and comment and i'm going to
put the link down below for bella dream
hair and to my Instagram and yeah see
you guys later